=pod

=head1 PhEDEx Schema

This document is give a broad overview of the PhEDEx schema, as well
as some provide some detailed definitions for column values which
appear in multiple tables.

=head2 Schema Overview

(TODO: Schema Overview)

=head2 Common Columns

=head3 Timestamp Columns

All times in PhEDEx are stored using a UNIX epoch timestamp; the number
of seconds which have passed since January 1, 1970 00:00:00 GMT.  Some
time columns store higher precision fractional seconds.

Two utility functions are deployed in the schema in order for experts
to make quick investigations.  now(), which returns the current UNIX
epoch timestamp, and gmtime(t) which returns a date & time in the
format "YYYY-MM-DD hh:mm:ss" for an expoch timestamp.

=head3 priority (Node-level)

'priority' is used to indicate in which order the
subscription/request/task etc. ought to be completed in.  This is
represented as an integer which in theory goes from 0 to infinity, but
in practice we use 3 levels of priority at the "node-level"

  0 = "high priority" or "do it now"
  1 = "normal priority" or "do it as soon as you can" 
  2 = "low priority or "do it whenever you can"

As you can see, lower numbers represent a higher priority.

=head3 priority (Link-level)

Link-level priority is distinct from Node-level priority (see above)
in that data transferring over local links is given a higher priority
than data transferring over non-local (WAN) links.  The following
formula translates node-level priority into link-level priority:

 link_priority = (node_priority) * 2 + (is_local ? 0 : 1)

Link-level priorities can be describe like this:

 0 = high, local link
 1 = high, remote link
 2 = normal, local link
 3 = normal, remote link
 4 = low, local link
 5 = low, remote link

=cut
